Known Issues Page (#5374)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/code_ref/known_issues.rst

************
Known Issues
************

This page documents commonly known issues, issues here is defined broadly and refers to oddities or specifics of how sunpy or the Python ecosystem works that could anyone catch out.

> Differences between ``anytim2tai`` and `astropy.time.Time`
> ==============================================================
> 
> * For dates on and after ``1972-01-01 00:00:00 UTC``, this format is equivalent to that returned by the ``anytim2tai`` routine in SSW.
> * For dates between ``1958-01-01 00:00:00 UTC`` and ``1972-01-01 00:00:00 UTC``, ``anytim2tai`` returns a constant value of 9 s difference between UTC and TAI time while `astropy.time.Time` returns a value of 0 s difference between UTC and TAI on ``1958-01-01 00:00:00``, with this difference increasing approximately linearly to 10 s on 1972-01-01 00:00:00, where the two approaches agree.
> * UT and TAI were synchronized by definition on ``1958 Jan 1 00:00:00``.
>   ``anytim2tai`` should return 0 at that time.
> * Even if ``anytim2tai`` is intentionally choosing to ignore the difference in lengths of UT seconds and TAI seconds prior to 1972, it should be returning 10 for pre-1972 times, not 9.
>   Its implementation acts as if there was a leap second added on 1972 Jan 1, but there was not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disagreement between `astropy.time.Time` and SSW for pre-1972 dates
===================================================================

Conversions between time scales for pre-1972 dates may not agree between `astropy.time.Time` and SSW.
Prior to 1972, the length of a Universal Time (UT) second was different from the length of an SI second, and `astropy.time.Time` correctly handles this difference.
However, SSW does not (at least in the commonly used routines), and thus SSW conversions for pre-1972 dates between UT and International Atomic Time (TAI, based on SI seconds) can be incorrect by multiple seconds.
The SSW routine ``utc2tai`` notes that its output is invalid for pre-1972 dates, but other SSW routines are missing such a disclaimer.
```
